

Since you've been gone,
I've been walking around
With my head bowed down to my shoes.
I've been living the blues
Ev'ry night without you.

I don't have to go far
To know where you are,
Strangers all give me the news.
I've been living the blues
Ev'ry night without you.

I think that it's best,
I soon get some rest
And forget my pride.
But I can't deny
This feeling that I
Carry for you deep down inside.

If you see me this way,
You'd come back and you'd stay,
Oh, how could you refuse.
I've been living the blues
Ev'ry night without you.

You took a part of me that I really miss
I keep asking myself how long it can go on like this
You told yourself a lie
That's alright mama, I told myself one too

I try to get closer but I'm still a million miles from you
You took the silver, you took the gold
You left me standing out in the cold
People asked about you, I didn't tell them everything I knew

Well I try to get closer but I'm still a million miles from you
I'm driftin' in and out of dreamless sleep
Somehow my memory's in a ditch so deep
Did so many things I never did intend to do

And I try to get closer but I'm still a million miles from you
I need your love so bad, turn your lamp down low
I need every bit of it for the places that I go
Sometimes I wonder, tell us just what its all coming to

Well I try to get closer but I'm still a million miles from you

Well I don't dare close my eyes and I don't dare wink
Maybe in the next life I'll be able to hear myself think
Feel like talking to somebody but I just don't know who

Well I try to get closer but I'm still a million miles from you
Yes the last thing you said before you hit the street
Gonna find me a janitor to sweep me off my feet
I said that's alright mama you, you do what you gotta do

Well I try to get closer I'm still a million miles from you
Rock me pretty baby rock me all at once
Rock me for a little while
Rock me for a couple of months
And I'll rock you too

I try to get closer but I'm still a million miles from you
Well there's voices in the night trying to be heard
I'm sittin' here listenin' to every mind-pollutin' word
I know plenty of people put me up for a day or two
Yes, I try to get closer but I'm still a million miles from you

Her eyes were blue, her hair was auburn
Her smile was like an angel fair
She was her daddy`s only daughter
On the Tennessee Border 

[Chorus]
One night I took a ride just across the line
I picked her up in a pickup truck
And she broke this heart of mine
Her mama said: "No-o, she`s my only daughter,"
But we got married on the Tennessee Border.

The roses were bloomin` there on the Border
The moon was shinin` there
Her personality made me want her
On the Tennessee Border.

[Chorus]